hey guys i just got back from the
American Girl store and i'm going to
show you what I got so I got one of the
McKenna's take a challenge you could win
that thing so yeah I got my hats are
eating so to catalog so now i have three
I like their catalogs so I got the pedal
and posies dress and this was
twenty-eight dollars I am I paid for
most of the stuff so I'm not like
spoiled um here's the charm to the camp
and hey let me open it it is the real
yeah the real charm so it comes with
this pretty blue dress and back comp
with these two shoes with the ruffles
and a little Brett your outfit
alright alright so little and this fits
video game is just watching outpost I
tried it on so yeah um then my
grandmother got me this it's the bitty
baby this is the Ginga ham party dress
and this is twenty-six dollars here is
the little book the Biddy bears ice
cream dream so yeah it's like a little
folding book it comes with this like
pink black and white dress my cousins
filming um this hat my capital and these
shoes which I find adorable so yeah
that's the Jing ham party dress then my
mom I got McKenna's accessories for
twenty-six dollars and it comes with
this little gymnastics bag which is
adorable it comes with this yummy trail
mix which actually has like Khan in it
so it comes with this little fantastic
gymnastics and it actually says American
gall at the top and like you can read it
so um comes with her water bottle and
I'll take this out
okay so I find a job because that
adorable because I really need one so
yeah I'm not leaving it so then her
little necklace with the M in the little
star magnetic that out it comes with
this little packet thing and I'll show
you what's inside there's um her little
ID card which is adorable here's the
back and it says shooting stars
gymnastics McKenna Brooks level
foreigner picture oh it comes with three
dollar bills which is and cute um it
comes with this letter like dear McKenna
so it comes with this journal and online
it said oh my god it actually has the
poems in it so and um this a port card
book report things so that's those are
her accessories so and if you haven't
guessed I got it all wait one second
i got a wii how many minutes are up to
five okay so since this video's kind of
long i'm going to make part two so watch
part two guys see what all i got